docs: add faq to cloud doc (#1907)
lancedb/lancedb: docs/src/cloud/cloud_faq.md

> This section provides a set of recommended best practices to help you get the most out of LanceDB Cloud. By following these guidelines, you can optimize your usage of LanceDB Cloud, improve performance, and ensure a smooth experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section provides answers to the most common questions asked about LanceDB Cloud. By following these guidelines, you can ensure a smooth, performant experience with LanceDB Cloud.
```

### Should the db connection be created once and keep it open?

> Yes! It is recommended to establish a single db connection and maintain it throughout your interaction with the tables within. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes! It is recommended to establish a single database connection and maintain it throughout your interaction with the tables within. 
```

LanceDB uses HTTP connections to communicate with the servers. By re-using the Connection object, you avoid the overhead of repeatedly establishing HTTP connections, significantly improving efficiency.

> ### Should a single `open_table` call be made and maintained for subsequent table operations?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Should I re-use the `Table` object?
```

Reviewer: Another related question: "Is there any cleanup I need to do when closing a Connection / Table". And the answer is no, those both have destructors that handle closing connections.

> `table = db.open_table()` should be called once and used for all subsequent table operations. If there are changes to the opened table, `table` always reflect the **latest version** of the data. 

Reviewer: TBH because of the table cache, I'm not sure how important it is to re-use the table. It's definitely important for local connections, but for remote connections it doesn't matter all that much because the important caches are done server-side.

Author: still, it is unnecessary for users to call `open_table()` before each table op.

### What should I do if I need to search for rows by `id`?

> LanceDB Cloud currently does not support an internal `row_id` column. You are recommended to add a 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LanceDB Cloud currently does not support an ID or primary key column. You are recommended to add a 
```

> user-defined ID column. To significantly improve the query performance with SQL causes, a scalar BITMAP/BTREE index should be created on this column. 

Reviewer: Which one? Bitmap or btree?

Author: both can work.

Reviewer: It would be nice if you could provide guidance to a user so they know which to choose.

### What are the vector indexing types supported by LanceDB Cloud?

> We support `IVF_PQ` and `IVF_HNSW_SQ` as the `index_type` which is passed to `create_index`. LanceDB Cloud tunes the indexing parameters automatically to achieve the best tradeoff betweeln query latency and query quality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We support `IVF_PQ` and `IVF_HNSW_SQ` as the `index_type` which is passed to `create_index`. LanceDB Cloud tunes the indexing parameters automatically to achieve the best tradeoff between query latency and query quality.
```
> best tradeoff between query latency and query quality

This begs the question as to what that is? What's the latency target? What's the recall target?

In fact, I think "What latency should I expect" and "What recall should I expect?" are likely two important FAQs.

> ### Do I need to do anything when there is new data added to a table with an existing index?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### When I add new rows to a table, do I need to manually update the index?
```

> No! LanceDB Cloud triggers an asynchronous background job to index the new vectors. This process will either merge the new vectors into the existing index or initiate a complete re-indexing if needed. 
> 
> There is a flag `fast_search` in `table.search()` that allows you to control whether the unindexed rows should be searched or not. By default, a brute-force search will be performed for the unindexed rows so a slight slowdown in query will be expected.

Reviewer: "Asynchronous job" brings up two immediate questions:

1. Is my data immediately searchable?
2. How do I know when my indexing job has finished? ( I see this is answered below.)

```suggestion
No! LanceDB Cloud triggers an asynchronous background job to index the new vectors.

Even though indexing is asynchronous, your vectors will still be immediately searchable. LanceDB uses brute-force search to search over unindexed rows. This makes you new data is immediately available, but does increase latency temporarily. To disable the brute-force part of search, set the `fast_search` flag in your query to `true`.
```

### Do I need to reindex the whole dataset if only a small portion of the data is deleted or updated?
No! Similar to adding data to the table, LanceDB Cloud triggers an asynchronous background job to update the existing indices. Therefore, no action is needed from users and there is absolutely no 
downtime expected.

### How do I know whether an index has been created?
While index creation in LanceDB Cloud is generally fast, querying immediately after a `create_index` call may result in errors. It's recommended to use `list_indices` to verify index creation before querying.

> ### Why is my query so slow?

Reviewer: I'm not sure we want to imply users should see slow queries. This section also might e a good place to provide some expectation of typical query latency.
```suggestion
### Why is my query latency higher than expected?
```
